[Java] Fix Kyma Docs (#1456)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/environments/kyma.mdx

1. Destination Service
2. XSUAA Service

#### Create and Bind the Destination Service

1. Open your Kyma dashboard and select the namespace of your application (top right hand side of the screen) and navigate to `Service Management > Service Instances`.

2. Create a new service instance by first clicking on the `+ Create Service Instance` button.

Choose a name for the instance, then enter `destination` as offering name and `lite` as plan.

![Destination Service Instance Creation](sap-btp-kyma-environment/kyma-instance-creation.png)

3. Finalize the service instance creation by confirming your configuration with a click on the `Create` button.

   :::tip Save the configuration as YAML
   If you prefer to maintain your configration as code you can copy the resulting YAML into your project.
   :::

4. Navigate to `Service Management > Service Bindings` and create a binding for the service instance you just created.

   ![Destination Service Binding Creation](sap-btp-kyma-environment/kyma-binding-creation.png)

>    The name you give to the binding will be used to create a secret which you will need in the next step.

Reviewer: [minor]

```suggestion
   Make sure to provide a meaningful name to the binding as it will also be used for the created secret, which is needed for the next step.
```

> 5. The service binding created a secret which you now need to mount as a volume into your application.

Reviewer: [minor]

```suggestion
5. The automatically created secret (derived from the service binding) needs to be mounted to the file system of your application pods.
```
